---
published: false
layout: post
tags:
  - review
---
The Tiger had intrigued me for months before I finally bought it.
{: .lead}

As my first and only Fun Factory toy so far, I didn’t know what to expect w/r/t the feel or texture of the silicone, or the rigidity of the toy. I have to say, the Tiger’s silicone is perfectly formulated as a counterbalance to its texture.
<!--break-->

The shaft is flexible, yet doesn’t yield much to pressure. The Tiger isn’t a small toy, either, so the flexibility helps without taking away from one’s experience of Tiger’s 1.75” ø[^1]. On the other hand, this isn’t the toy for pressuring whatever internal spot makes your jaw drop. You can stroke the fuck out of it with that crowning ridge, though! The silicone is slick, not matte or grainy, which lets the real texture of the Tiger come through without irritation. It doesn’t ‘eat’ lube like I’ve read that some of FF’s matte silicone can do.
But does the texture feel good?
I can tell you I love that top ridge that juts out from the ‘head’ of the Tiger, but the rest of the bumps don’t do much for me. They’re not enough to irritate my vaginal opening, but they don’t really add to the pleasure of using the Tiger. When I fuck myself with the Tiger, I feel the ridge, the length/girth, and the somewhat contradictory way that it fits inside me comfortably while feeling substantial.
At $50-60, I think the Tiger is worth it if you know you like texture but want something that you can use without being bowled over by irritating details or waves/bumps so large you can’t comfortably thrust. 

[^1]: 
	Diameter.